# ADOPTED AMENDMENTS TO THE DECLARATION AND ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF FRANKLIN SQUARE HOMEOWNERS ASSOCIATION, INC.

It is adopted to amend the Declaration of Franklin Square to change Article XVI Section 3 in whole and replace it with the language below. See provision Article XIV Section 3 for present text.

"_Section 3. Amendment._ This Declaration may be amended by the membership at any duly called membership meeting. The vote requires for amendment shall be seventy-five (75%) of the voting interests of the membership, present, in person or by proxy at any duly called meeting at which a quorum is present."

It is adopted to amend the Articles of Incorporation of Franklin Square Homeowners Association, Inc. to change Article XII in whole and replace it with the language below. See provision Article XII for present text.

"_Article XII: Amendments:_ Proposals for the alteration, amendment, or recision of these Articles of Incorporation may be made by a majority of the Board of Directors or twenty-five percent (25%) of the voting members. Amendment of these Articles of Incorporation shall require the assent of seventy-five percent (75%) of the voting interests of the membership present, in person, or by proxy at any duly called meeting at which a quorum is present, except that the Board of Directors may amend these Articles of Incorporation with the assent of the membership to correct any ambiguities, scrivener's errors or conflicts appearing within these Articles of Incorporation."