---
layout: default
title: Amendment (January 31, 2022)
parent: Amendments
nav_order: 8
---

# ADOPTED AMENDMENT TO THE DECLARATION OF FRANKLIN SQUARE HOMEOWNERS ASSOCIATION, INC.

Article XIII. Section 6 of the Declaration for Franklin Square Homeowners Association, Inc., originally recorded at Official Records Book 6017, Page 1904 Public Records of Pinellas County, Florida, and as subsequently amended ("Declaration") is amended to read as follows:

Article XIII. Section 6 of the Declaration is amended to read as follows:

"_Section 6. Parking._ No vehicle shall be parked on any part of any Lot except in the parking area designated by the Association. No commercial vehicle, house or travel trailer, motor home, camper, boat, or boat trailer shall be parked in the Project unless they are concealed from public view within a garage. Commercial vehicles shall be defined as those vehicles exhibiting advertisements or names of businesses, contain ladder or tool racks, are more than 20 feet long including any trailer or hitch, and are equipped with more than two axles. No watercraft of any kind shall be allowed to remain attached behind or above a vehicle. No trailers or commercial vehicles other than those present for business with a household may be parked in the Project, and those vehicles present for business shall not remain longer than during regular business hours. No vehicle is permitted to be stored in a guest parking space for more than 7 days, and no vehicle parked in a guest spot may be covered. All vehicles must be in operable condition, free of leaks and deflated tires. Violations of these restrictions are subjecta to towing at the owner's expense. The Board of Directors is authorized to make additional rules and regulations concerning parking."
